A Littile Bit About Me : Anjali Eizabeth Joseph

My name is Anjali Elizabeth Joseph, and I am a student at Trios College studying to get my diploma in Application Development Mobile and Web. I was born and raised in Kerala, India and I am a recent immigrant to Canada. I live  with my Husband and my 3 Year old son in Brampton. 

In India I was a computer science lecturer and taught undergraduate engineering students for 4 years. I have done both my Bachelors and Masters in computer science and engineering and I love teaching and reseaching in new technolgies. As i want to improve my programming skills,so i joined the course for web development. I am interested to work in the software industry and I am hopeful to contribute my talent effectively.I am  seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an organization of repute which recognizes and utilizes my true potential while nurturing my analytical and technical skills in the field of computer science.



I love reading and I am an avid fan of mystery/suspense and Science fiction. I also love listening to music especially old malyalam classics.i like to search new cuisines to improve my cooking skills.

 I have many dreams and i am planning fulfill each and every one of them. One of my dream is to do research on advanced computer science and earn a doctorate.I always dreamed of becoming a classical dancer and I hope eventually this may come true. I have a dream to travel around the world, visiting a country where I've never been there before, taste its unique food that I've never taste before, see the pattern of fabrics which I've never seen before, and above all, learn from the experience that I've never got before, the world always is an interesting place to be explore.Another one of my dream is to become a great cook.i want to improve my culnary skills, so that i can become a good cuisinier.I want to experience the adventure sports like bungee jumping, paragliding,rafting ,parachuting etc

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5-ni6ue4_rhKNFc-C-TLOA





