https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-qzxmLG-yY  Canadian Tulip Festival | Ottawa 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOEtyN-RWAg   Did You Know? - History Of The Tulip Festival



The Canadian Tulip Festival  is a tulip festival, held annually in May in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. 
The festival claims to be the world's largest tulip festival, displaying over one million tulips,
 with attendance of over 650,000 visitors annually.
 Large displays of tulips are planted throughout the city, 
 and the largest display of tulips is found in Commissioners Park on the shores of Dow's Lake, 
 and along the Rideau Canal with 300,000 tulips planted there alone.
 Millions of tulips set the stage for a celebration of authentic art, cultural, historic, culinary and 
 family tulip experiences at various official venues across the capital.
 
 
 Story behind the festival
 
 In the back of this colourful festival, is a moving story about friendship and peace.
During World War II, the Dutch royal family came to Canada to seek asylum. 
In early 1943, Princess Juliana of nine month pregnancy was about to give birth, 
which poses a problem to both Canada and Netherlands: According to Canadian law, 
all babies born in Canada will automatically become Canadian citizen; 
and according to the Dutch royal succession law, prince or princess must be born on 
Netherlands soil in order to be recognized as a royal member.
 Because of this situation, Canadian government passed a special bill, 
 they placed the sovereignty of a maternity ward in Ottawa Civic Hospital under the Government of the Netherlands. 
 In January 19, 1942, Princess Juliana gave birth to her third daughter Margaret on “Dutch land”.
 
In May 1945, with the help of the Canadian Forces, Netherlands gained its victory and liberation, 
and the royal family returned to their homeland after several years of separation.
 That fall, the Dutch government presented one hundred thousand tulip bulbs to Canada,
 to express their respect and gratitude. The following year, 
 Princess Juliana presented twenty thousand tulip bulbs again in her own name, 
 and requested them to be planted on the land of Ottawa Civic Hospital.
 And since then, Ottawa, the Canadian capital, have received thousands of tulip bulbs from the Netherlands royal family every year.
 To acknowledge this kindness, The first Ottawa Tulip Festival was held in 1953. 
 And In 2002, Princess Margaret who was born in the “Dutch delivery room” return to Ottawa to attend the 50th Tulip Festival.